Elon Green will provide a hydro-electric powered network for tron mainnet dubbed "Jade Puppy".
Jade Puppy (https://api.jadepuppy.io) will provide clean energy low emissions supernodes, fullnode/solidity nodes for the tron network thus creating the first verifiable entry of clean energy consensus infrastructure represented by a Tron Super Representative. 

Many blockchains have recently fallen under heavy scrutiny from large corporations and institutes due to the nature in which energy is provided for consensus and other operations within nodes. Let's face it, we all need energy to thrive both in life and as a digital representative. It's everyone's responsibility to ensure that the energy we consume for our needs will not cause harm to the environment in the most avoidable way possible. Elon Green as a SR will provide tools to make the choice easier for user's to choose Hydro-Electric powered "JadePuppy" nodes when interacting with the tron blockchain.

The goal is to launch these nodes in regions where availability is currently the lowest, hence providing more comprehensible access to the tron main network and it's developer tools. We will start with 3 nodes in the most needy areas (Austrailia, Africa, South America, Northern Asia, etc) and branch out from there. These areas are most suitable for our initial phase as they are in-line with our commitment to terra-form inhospitable environments into thriving clean energy producing/consuming communities.  We will invest our own time and financial resources for the initial infrastructure with hopes to eventually earn enough support from the community to sustain it and grow it across the world and beyond.

* All proceeds from block production will go towards spinning new full nodes for the first 369 days. We will share block rewards at 80% with voters as of course none of this has a chance of succeeding without full community support. If given the opportunity To Become A 27 Slot SR And Block Production Exceeds Network Requirements, We Will Use Proceeds To donate to other projects that want to become a part of improving the carbon-footprint of TRON even further by spreading "IRL" clean energy technology solutions as a cooperative amidst the current mainnet.

* Once A mintable position is reached (position 27 or above) 85% will be distributed to voters for 369 days. After this period, rewards will go up to 90% whilst 10% will be retained for network maintainence.

## Ultimately The Biggest Reward Is Making A Small Effort Towards The Bigger Picture, Preserving The Environment. We Hope This Movement Inspires Other Tron Users And Reps To Welcome Elon Green & The jadepuppy.io Network As Non-Competitive, Non-Political Partners In This Long Needed Clean Energy Journey.
